<RichTextBox AcceptsTab="True" Padding="50,50,50,50" Name="Editor" Margin="100,10,100,10" bss:RichTextBoxHelper.DocumentContent="{}{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Cambria;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}&#xD;&#xA;{\colortbl ;\red72\green61\blue138;\red249\green235\blue214;\red0\green0\blue138;\red255\green255\blue255;\red135\green205\blue249;\red128\green128\blue128;}&#xD;&#xA;{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}}&#xD;&#xA;{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.16299}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 &#xD;&#xA;\pard\widctlpar\li919\sb101\sa160\sl252\slmult1\tx10419\f0\fs22\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\widctlpar\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\widctlpar\li919\sb101\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf1\ulth\f1\fs52 Product\expndtw-2  \expndtw0 Brochure\cf0\ulnone\i\f0\fs20\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\par&#xD;&#xA;\par&#xD;&#xA;\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\widctlpar\li919\sb221\sa160\sl252\slmult1\tx10419\cf2\highlight3\i0\f2\fs36   About this Document\tab\cf0\highlight0\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\li2719\ri897\sb337\qj\f3\fs22 This document briefs about Essential PDF, its feature set, how to get started and how to buy it. Please note that this should be considered as an overview and does not intend to explain complete details.\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\f0\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\f3\fs20\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\widctlpar\li119\sb80\sa160\sl252\slmult1\b\f0\fs48 Essential PDF\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\s1\li119\sb279\tx10419\cf4\highlight5\f3\fs36 Introduction\tab\cf0\highlight0\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\li119\ri836\sb166\b0\fs22 Essential PDF is a .NET library with the capability to produce Adobe PDF files. It features a full-fledged object model for the easy creation of PDF files from any .NET language, providing complete control over the positioning of elements in a PDF document. It does not use any external libraries and is built from scratch in C#. It can be used on the server-side (ASP.NET or any other environment) or with Windows Forms / WPF / Silverlight applications. The usage is common for all the environments except for the part where the created document is saved to the disk or stream in case of Windows Forms / WPF applications, and streamed to the client browser in the case of web applications.\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\sb8\fs21\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\s1\li119\tx10419\cf4\highlight5\b\fs36 PDF Version\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 Compatibility\tab\cf0\highlight0\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\li119\ri1409\sb166\b0\fs22 PDF files generated by Essential PDF can be viewed using Adobe Acrobat Reader 7.x or later versions. Other conforming Readers that strictly follow Adobe\rquote s PDF specification 1.4 or later also can be used.\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\s1\li119\sb214\tx10419\b\fs36\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\widctlpar\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\s1\li119\sb214\cf4\highlight5 Feature\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 Set\tab\cf0\highlight0\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\li119\ri915\sb66\b0\fs22 Essential PDF can create secured or unsecured documents, with or without applying conformance, with rich text formatting, graphics using different color scales (which includes images and shapes), complex structures like tables with auto pagination, interactive features (like annotation, attachment, bookmarks, hyperlinks) supported by PDF. One can also manipulate forms, or convert documents from other formats to PDF.\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\s2\li659\sb187\b\i\fs24 NOTE: \b0 For detailed information on feature set, please refer to our Essential PDF documentation.\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\widctlpar\li119\sb145\sa160\sl252\slmult1\tx10419\cf4\highlight5\b\i0\f0\fs36 How to get started with Essential\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 PDF\tab\cf0\highlight0\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\li119\ri877\sb166\b0\f3\fs22 Essential PDF comes with two different classes for creating and modifying documents. To create documents from scratch, PdfDocument under the namespace, Syncfusion.Pdf should be used. Existing documents can be edited easily by using PdfLoadedDocument class under the namespace Syncfusion.Pdf.Parsing. The document conversion requires additional Syncfusion products. The Word to PDF conversion1 requires Essential DocIO and Excel to PDF conversion2 requires Essential XlsIO.\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\s2\li1859\sb134\b\i\fs24 NOTE: \b0 A detailed class diagram of Essential PDF is available in our documentation.\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\widctlpar\li119\sb145\sa160\sl252\slmult1\tx10419\cf4\highlight5\b\i0\f0\fs36 How to buy Essential\expndtw-1  \expndtw0 PDF?\tab\cf0\highlight0\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\li119\ri889\sb166\b0\f3\fs22 Essential PDF is available as a single product, as well as a part in Essential Studio Reporting Edition3 and Essential Studio Enterprise Edition3. Please contact our sales for further queries on available discounts.\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\fs20\par&#xD;&#xA;\par&#xD;&#xA;\par&#xD;&#xA;\par&#xD;&#xA;\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\nowidctlpar\sb5\fs18\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\widctlpar\li120\ri4598\sb93\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf6\f0\fs16 1 DoctoPDFConverter will be conditionally shipped along with Essential PDF and Essential DocIO. 2 ExceltoPDFConvertor will be conditionally shipped along with Essential PDF and Essential XlsIO.\cf0\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\widctlpar\li120\sa160\sl-184\slmult0\cf6 3 Reporting and Enterprise Editions include Essential DocIO and Essential XlsIO along with converters.\cf0\par&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\fs22\par&#xD;&#xA;}&#xD;&#xA;&#x0;" xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation" xmlns:bss="clr-namespace:BackStageSample;assembly=BackStageSample"><FlowDocument PagePadding="5,0,5,0" AllowDrop="True" NumberSubstitution.CultureSource="User"><Paragraph Margin="61.27,6.73,0,10.67" FontFamily="Calibri" FontSize="14.6666666666667" /><Paragraph Margin="0,0,0,0" FontFamily="Calibri" FontSize="14.6666666666667" /><Paragraph Margin="61.27,6.73,0,10.67" FontFamily="Calibri" FontStyle="Italic" FontSize="13.3333333333333"><Span FontFamily="Cambria" FontStyle="Normal" FontSize="34.6666666666667" Foreground="#FF483D8A" xml:lang="en-us"><Span.TextDecorations><TextDecoration Location="Underline" /></Span.TextDecorations>Product</Span><Span FontFamily="Cambria" FontStyle="Normal" FontSize="34.6666666666667" Foreground="#FF483D8A" xml:lang="en-us" xml:space="preserve"><Span.TextDecorations><TextDecoration Location="Underline" /></Span.TextDecorations> </Span><Span FontFamily="Cambria" FontStyle="Normal" FontSize="34.6666666666667" Foreground="#FF483D8A" xml:lang="en-us"><Span.TextDecorations><TextDecoration Location="Underline" /></Span.TextDecorations>Brochure</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="0,0,0,0" FontFamily="Calibri" FontStyle="Italic" FontSize="13.3333333333333" /><Paragraph Margin="0,0,0,0" FontFamily="Calibri" FontStyle="Italic" FontSize="13.3333333333333" /><Paragraph Margin="0,0,0,0" FontFamily="Calibri" FontStyle="Italic" FontSize="13.3333333333333" /><Paragraph Margin="61.27,14.73,0,10.67" FontFamily="Arial" FontSize="24"><Span Foreground="#FFF9EBD6" Background="#FF00008A" xml:lang="en-us" xml:space="preserve">  About this Document	</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="181.27,22.47,59.8,0" TextAlignment="Justify" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="14.6666666666667"><Span xml:lang="en-us">This document briefs about Essential PDF, its feature set, how to get started and how to buy it. Please note that this should be considered as an overview and does not intend to explain complete details.</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="0,0,0,10.67" TextAlignment="Justify" FontFamily="Calibri" FontSize="14.6666666666667" /><Paragraph Margin="0,0,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="13.3333333333333" /><Paragraph Margin="7.93,5.33,0,10.67" FontFamily="Calibri" FontWeight="Bold" FontSize="32"><Span xml:lang="en-us">Essential PDF</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="7.93,18.6,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontWeight="Bold" FontSize="24"><Span Foreground="#FFFFFFFF" Background="#FF87CDF9" xml:lang="en-us" xml:space="preserve">Introduction	</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="7.93,11.07,55.73,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="14.6666666666667"><Span xml:lang="en-us">Essential PDF is a .NET library with the capability to produce Adobe PDF files. It features a full-fledged object model for the easy creation of PDF files from any .NET language, providing complete control over the positioning of elements in a PDF document. It does not use any external libraries and is built from scratch in C#. It can be used on the server-side (ASP.NET or any other environment) or with Windows Forms / WPF / Silverlight applications. The usage is common for all the environments except for the part where the created document is saved to the disk or stream in case of Windows Forms / WPF applications, and streamed to the client browser in the case of web applications.</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="0,0.53,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="14" /><Paragraph Margin="7.93,0,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontWeight="Bold" FontSize="24"><Span Foreground="#FFFFFFFF" Background="#FF87CDF9" xml:lang="en-us">PDF Version</Span><Span Foreground="#FFFFFFFF" Background="#FF87CDF9" xml:lang="en-us" xml:space="preserve"> </Span><Span Foreground="#FFFFFFFF" Background="#FF87CDF9" xml:lang="en-us" xml:space="preserve">Compatibility	</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="7.93,11.07,93.93,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="14.6666666666667"><Span xml:lang="en-us">PDF files generated by Essential PDF can be viewed using Adobe Acrobat Reader 7.x or later versions. Other conforming Readers that strictly follow Adobe’s PDF specification 1.4 or later also can be used.</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="7.93,14.27,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontWeight="Bold" FontSize="24" /><Paragraph Margin="0,0,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontWeight="Bold" FontSize="24" /><Paragraph Margin="7.93,14.27,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontWeight="Bold" FontSize="24"><Span Foreground="#FFFFFFFF" Background="#FF87CDF9" xml:lang="en-us">Feature</Span><Span Foreground="#FFFFFFFF" Background="#FF87CDF9" xml:lang="en-us" xml:space="preserve"> </Span><Span Foreground="#FFFFFFFF" Background="#FF87CDF9" xml:lang="en-us" xml:space="preserve">Set	</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="7.93,4.4,61,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="14.6666666666667"><Span xml:lang="en-us">Essential PDF can create secured or unsecured documents, with or without applying conformance, with rich text formatting, graphics using different color scales (which includes images and shapes), complex structures like tables with auto pagination, interactive features (like annotation, attachment, bookmarks, hyperlinks) supported by PDF. One can also manipulate forms, or convert documents from other formats to PDF.</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="43.93,12.47,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontStyle="Italic" FontSize="16"><Span FontWeight="Bold" xml:lang="en-us" xml:space="preserve">NOTE: </Span><Span xml:lang="en-us">For detailed information on feature set, please refer to our Essential PDF documentation.</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="7.93,9.67,0,10.67" FontFamily="Calibri" FontWeight="Bold" FontSize="24"><Span Foreground="#FFFFFFFF" Background="#FF87CDF9" xml:lang="en-us">How to get started with Essential</Span><Span Foreground="#FFFFFFFF" Background="#FF87CDF9" xml:lang="en-us" xml:space="preserve"> </Span><Span Foreground="#FFFFFFFF" Background="#FF87CDF9" xml:lang="en-us" xml:space="preserve">PDF	</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="7.93,11.07,58.47,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="14.6666666666667"><Span xml:lang="en-us">Essential PDF comes with two different classes for creating and modifying documents. To create documents from scratch, PdfDocument under the namespace, Syncfusion.Pdf should be used. Existing documents can be edited easily by using PdfLoadedDocument class under the namespace Syncfusion.Pdf.Parsing. The document conversion requires additional Syncfusion products. The Word to PDF conversion1 requires Essential DocIO and Excel to PDF conversion2 requires Essential XlsIO.</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="123.93,8.93,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontStyle="Italic" FontSize="16"><Span FontWeight="Bold" xml:lang="en-us" xml:space="preserve">NOTE: </Span><Span xml:lang="en-us">A detailed class diagram of Essential PDF is available in our documentation.</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="7.93,9.67,0,10.67" FontFamily="Calibri" FontWeight="Bold" FontSize="24"><Span Foreground="#FFFFFFFF" Background="#FF87CDF9" xml:lang="en-us">How to buy Essential</Span><Span Foreground="#FFFFFFFF" Background="#FF87CDF9" xml:lang="en-us" xml:space="preserve"> </Span><Span Foreground="#FFFFFFFF" Background="#FF87CDF9" xml:lang="en-us" xml:space="preserve">PDF?	</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="7.93,11.07,59.27,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="14.6666666666667"><Span xml:lang="en-us">Essential PDF is available as a single product, as well as a part in Essential Studio Reporting Edition3 and Essential Studio Enterprise Edition3. Please contact our sales for further queries on available discounts.</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="0,0,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="13.3333333333333" /><Paragraph Margin="0,0,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="13.3333333333333" /><Paragraph Margin="0,0,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="13.3333333333333" /><Paragraph Margin="0,0,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="13.3333333333333" /><Paragraph Margin="0,0,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="13.3333333333333" /><Paragraph Margin="0,0.33,0,0" FontFamily="Times New Roman" FontSize="12" /><Paragraph Margin="8,6.2,306.53,10.67" FontFamily="Calibri" FontSize="10.6666666666667"><Span Foreground="#FF808080" xml:lang="en-us">1 DoctoPDFConverter will be conditionally shipped along with Essential PDF and Essential DocIO. 2 ExceltoPDFConvertor will be conditionally shipped along with Essential PDF and Essential XlsIO.</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="8,0,0,10.67" FontFamily="Calibri" FontSize="10.6666666666667"><Span Foreground="#FF808080" xml:lang="en-us">3 Reporting and Enterprise Editions include Essential DocIO and Essential XlsIO along with converters.</Span></Paragraph><Paragraph Margin="0,0,0,10.67" FontFamily="Calibri" FontSize="14.6666666666667" /></FlowDocument></RichTextBox>{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\htmautsp\deff2{\fonttbl{\f0\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f3\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f4\fcharset0 Cambria;}{\f5\fcharset0 Arial;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red72\green61\blue138;\red249\green235\blue214;\red0\green0\blue138;\red135\green205\blue249;\red128\green128\blue128;}\loch\hich\dbch\pard\plain\ltrpar\itap0{\lang1033\fs18\f2\cf0 \cf0\ql{\fs22\f3 \li919\ri0\sa160\sb101\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs22\f3 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs52\f4\i {\ul\cf2\ltrch Product}{\ul\cf2\ltrch  }{\ul\cf2\ltrch Brochure}\li919\ri0\sa160\sb101\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs20\f3\i \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs20\f3\i \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs20\f3\i \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs36\f5 {\cf3\highlight4\ltrch   About this Document\tab }\li919\ri0\sa160\sb221\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs22\f0 {\ltrch This document briefs about Essential PDF, its feature set, how to get started and how to buy it. Please note that this should be considered as an overview and does not intend to explain complete details.}\li2719\ri897\sa0\sb337\fi0\qj\par}
{\fs22\f3 \li0\ri0\sa160\sb0\fi0\qj\par}
{\fs20\f0 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs48\f3\b {\ltrch Essential PDF}\li119\ri0\sa160\sb80\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs36\f0\b {\cf1\highlight5\ltrch Introduction\tab }\li119\ri0\sa0\sb279\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs22\f0 {\ltrch Essential PDF is a .NET library with the capability to produce Adobe PDF files. It features a full-fledged object model for the easy creation of PDF files from any .NET language, providing complete control over the positioning of elements in a PDF document. It does not use any external libraries and is built from scratch in C#. It can be used on the server-side (ASP.NET or any other environment) or with Windows Forms / WPF / Silverlight applications. The usage is common for all the environments except for the part where the created document is saved to the disk or stream in case of Windows Forms / WPF applications, and streamed to the client browser in the case of web applications.}\li119\ri836\sa0\sb166\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs21\f0 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb8\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs36\f0\b {\cf1\highlight5\ltrch PDF Version}{\cf1\highlight5\ltrch  }{\cf1\highlight5\ltrch Compatibility\tab }\li119\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs22\f0 {\ltrch PDF files generated by Essential PDF can be viewed using Adobe Acrobat Reader 7.x or later versions. Other conforming Readers that strictly follow Adobe\rquote s PDF specification 1.4 or later also can be used.}\li119\ri1409\sa0\sb166\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs36\f0\b \li119\ri0\sa0\sb214\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs36\f0\b \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs36\f0\b {\cf1\highlight5\ltrch Feature}{\cf1\highlight5\ltrch  }{\cf1\highlight5\ltrch Set\tab }\li119\ri0\sa0\sb214\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs22\f0 {\ltrch Essential PDF can create secured or unsecured documents, with or without applying conformance, with rich text formatting, graphics using different color scales (which includes images and shapes), complex structures like tables with auto pagination, interactive features (like annotation, attachment, bookmarks, hyperlinks) supported by PDF. One can also manipulate forms, or convert documents from other formats to PDF.}\li119\ri915\sa0\sb66\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f0\i {\b\ltrch NOTE: }{\ltrch For detailed information on feature set, please refer to our Essential PDF documentation.}\li659\ri0\sa0\sb187\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs36\f3\b {\cf1\highlight5\ltrch How to get started with Essential}{\cf1\highlight5\ltrch  }{\cf1\highlight5\ltrch PDF\tab }\li119\ri0\sa160\sb145\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs22\f0 {\ltrch Essential PDF comes with two different classes for creating and modifying documents. To create documents from scratch, PdfDocument under the namespace, Syncfusion.Pdf should be used. Existing documents can be edited easily by using PdfLoadedDocument class under the namespace Syncfusion.Pdf.Parsing. The document conversion requires additional Syncfusion products. The Word to PDF conversion1 requires Essential DocIO and Excel to PDF conversion2 requires Essential XlsIO.}\li119\ri877\sa0\sb166\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs24\f0\i {\b\ltrch NOTE: }{\ltrch A detailed class diagram of Essential PDF is available in our documentation.}\li1859\ri0\sa0\sb134\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs36\f3\b {\cf1\highlight5\ltrch How to buy Essential}{\cf1\highlight5\ltrch  }{\cf1\highlight5\ltrch PDF?\tab }\li119\ri0\sa160\sb145\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs22\f0 {\ltrch Essential PDF is available as a single product, as well as a part in Essential Studio Reporting Edition3 and Essential Studio Enterprise Edition3. Please contact our sales for further queries on available discounts.}\li119\ri889\sa0\sb166\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs20\f0 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs20\f0 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs20\f0 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs20\f0 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs20\f0 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\f0 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb5\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs16\f3 {\cf6\ltrch 1 DoctoPDFConverter will be conditionally shipped along with Essential PDF and Essential DocIO. 2 ExceltoPDFConvertor will be conditionally shipped along with Essential PDF and Essential XlsIO.}\li120\ri4598\sa160\sb93\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs16\f3 {\cf6\ltrch 3 Reporting and Enterprise Editions include Essential DocIO and Essential XlsIO along with converters.}\li120\ri0\sa160\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
{\fs22\f3 \li0\ri0\sa160\sb0\fi0\ql\par}
}
}